NOVEMBER 27TH
[KOGA] Hey, Sakuta.
I came across a Dreaming post
that caught my attention.
Ah? Is it a dream where Koga
finally finds a boyfriend?
No, it's nothing like that!
"I dreamed that I broke
the lights in my classroom
and got hurt.
It happened in class 2-1
of Minegahara High.
So it's when I'm changing
after practice. #Dreaming"
This is gonna happen
at our high school.
And it's today!
I'm sure everything
will be all right.
Why?
Just leave it to the hero
of justice to save the day.
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
FROM BEYOND HILBERT SPACE
Thanks for waiting.
Sorry to have you come out.
It's okay. I have a shift
over at the cram school
later today anyway.
First of all
about the puberty syndrome
Ikumi Akagi is dealing with.
I have a feeling the theory
you came up with
isn't too far off.
So I was right, huh?
Oh, and one more thing.
This.
Hmm?
[RIO] Doesn't this have
something to do with you?
NOV 27
MIDDLE SCHOOL ALUMNI MEETING
Yeah, I'm sure it does.
I have my own invitation
right here too.
Ikumi Akagi had a dream about
the reunion as well, right?
One where
she injures someone. Yeah.
You seem to have taken measures
about that already
so I'm not too worried
on that front.
But be careful, just in case.
You might be the one
who ends up getting stabbed.
-[footsteps receding]
-Hmm.
SPECIAL INTERVIEW
MAI SAKURAJIMA
[SAKUTA] Maybe I should stick
a magazine into my waistband.
[WOMAN] Oh, you must be
the alumnus that contacted us.
That's right.
Can you sign your name
on the line here, please?
-[soft gasp]
-Oh, right.
There's another student here
who is writing
a report for college
so you might see her
around the campus.
[SAKUTA] So, Akagi, you've been
feeling regret this whole time
about how
unknown scars and bruises
showed up
on my little sister's body
and how I wanted the teacher and
my classmates to believe me.
Those times when all I wanted
was for someone to save me.
[BOY] Azusagawa's lost it.
[GIRL] I think he's gone insane.
And since that day, you've been
holding on to the regret
that you weren't that person.
That isn't quite right.
What I've been regretting
from that day
was a friend saying
"Ikumi, do something to clear up
this tension in the air."
But I just
wasn't capable of it.
Looking back now
ultimately, I think
I had tripped up then
and was at a complete loss
for what to do to fix things.
Are these memories what you were
wanting to talk about
after luring me out here
with another fake post?
It's good nobody
got injured though, right?
Yes, it is.
But can you make this
the last time?
Thanks to you, I missed out
on going to the reunion.
In a way, we're having
our own reunion here, aren't we?
We are in the classroom
from our memories.
Maybe it's a reunion for you.
But it's the same for you
as well.
You were commuting
to this classroom, too
back when you were
in the other possible universe.
[♪ gentle music]
[sighs]
This breeze takes me back.
The ocean scent
the horizon.
How'd you figure it out?
My suspicions began back
at the matriculation ceremony.
You went out of your way to
spark a conversation with me
and then
I never heard from you again.
Though I didn't really
think about that incident
until recently.
So then, it was after Halloween?
Yeah, I guess so.
After that
that felt off.
For instance?
Like your friendship
with Kamisato.
Saki and I
were in the same class
for our second and third years
of high school
in the other world.
And then
Those are sensations
from the Akagi
who's in the other world
She was the one writing
on your arms, wasn't she?
All you're saying
is speculation, right?
Yeah, but I was fully convinced
when I saw my yearbook.
You said that you threw it away.
Don't you remember, Akagi?
You mentioned that you knew
what I wrote in my yearbook.
"Someday
I didn't write
anything like that in there.
That phrase was something
I heard from a certain someone.
I hadn't recalled that memory
back in middle school.
That's why
But me in the other world
could remember those words
earlier than I did over here.
So he was able to write it
in his graduation essay.
I'm sure
he's simply better than I am.
For me, personally, this world
over here is more comfortable.
Is it because I'm not as good?
Uh-huh.
Did you read the essay
I wrote in there?
[SAKUTA] "I want to
become an adult
that can be of help to others."
[IKUMI] That dream
didn't come true
over in the other world
because the Azusagawa
over there is good.
Back in middle school
I wasn't allowed to do anything
I wanted to do.
Even when
his little sister was bullied
Azusagawa resolved things
on his own.
He took over the broadcast room.
My other self
sure is flashy about things.
It was the same
in high school too.
All of the problems
that I wanted to help out with
Azusagawa was able
to resolve them all by himself.
It wasn't me, but Azusagawa
that became the something
that I wanted to become.
And I failed
my college entrance exams.
So on top of that
Not a single thing
worked out for me.
That's why
every day, I would think
"I want to escape to somewhere
other than here."
[singing]
[IKUMI] And then...
[soft gasp]
I arrived in this world.
When I came to
I was standing at
the tree-lined road on campus.
And that's when I found you
among the crowd.
You're Azusagawa, right?
Hmm? Oh.
And aren't you Akagi?
I thought
I was having a strange dream
but I wasn't.
I knew right away
because I met you
in the other world.
Back in winter
during our second year.
Azusagawa.
Uh, yeah?
Here. Your turn today.
The bell's gonna ring soon.
I'm shocked you noticed that.
Of course I'd notice.
Didn't you ever feel
you wanted to go back?
No, I haven't.
And I still don't.
Over here. I'm a college student
at the school
I wanted to attend.
I represent a volunteer group
A hero of justice.
[soft chuckle]
[IKUMI] In this world
I was able to become
the person I wanted to be.
[SAKUTA] If that's true
why'd you challenge me
to that contest?
[IKUMI] Because I thought
I would finally have a chance
to win against you.
[SAKUTA] In that case
despite having lost
why do you sound so relieved?
[IKUMI] It's because...
Truth is
you wanted someone
to notice, didn't you?
That the Ikumi Akagi
standing right here
isn't the real one.
Why do you think that?
Akagi isn't so easy on herself
that she can forgive herself
for running away.
So it's only logical
that she wanted someone
to catch her cheating.
[soft gasp]
Well, there you have it.
"I caught you, Akagi
When I was a child
I used to be good
at hide and seek.
But I always knew
that I couldn't
stay this way forever.
[sobbing] Nobody noticed.
Nobody cared to notice.
I was losing sight
of my own existence.
The person
everyone is looking at
isn't the real Ikumi Akagi.
If it doesn't matter
that I'm a substitute
then what am I?
That's what I've been wondering.
At this point
I don't get it at all.
The Akagi I know
is a greedy person
that always takes on everything
all by herself.
She's so serious
And she looks good
in a nurse cosplay too.
That's Akagi.
What's with the head?
We walked together like this
on that day too.
We did.
Do you remember
what we talked about?
[SAKUTA] What made you decide
on this high school
of all places?
I thought you'd have
gotten accepted
into a more prestigious school.
-Azusagawa...
-Hmm?
Um, never mind. Just forget it.
[SAKUTA] Those words you were
trying to say back then
did you say them
to my other self?
If I had told you
all of my feelings
what would you
have done about it?
Well, for starters
Even though you have
such a wonderful girlfriend?
I'm not exactly
a popular person
so I'll take
all the love I can get.
Oh, Azusagawa
you never give straightforward
answers to questions.
[SAKUTA] Neither do you.
[crossing alarm ringing]
Huh?
It's time to say goodbye.
Are you okay now?
It seems like
everything's set up now.
-Huh?
-This is a message
from my other self, for you.
I'M WAITING FOR YOU
AT THE REUNION
[gasps]
Did you see it?
Wait! What is Akagi up to?
[train approaching]
Bye-bye.
Wait a sec! Uh...
Huh?
It's not too late.
I can still make the reunion.
[panting]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
ALL SEATS ARE RESERVED TODAY
FOR A REUNION
[indistinct chatter]
[all giggling]
That one time. Right?
[Sakuta panting]
[panting]
Why am I always
in these situations?
Hey, that guy.
Ugh.
[MAN 1] That's Azusagawa, right?
-[MAN 2] Why?
-[MAN 3] Who invited him.
[MAN 4] Like I know.
Akagi.
[all gasp]
[hushed whispers]
[WOMAN 1] Ikumi was here?
-[WOMAN 2] No way.
-[MAN] Since when?
I've been here the whole time.
I got here about an hour ago.
I was here
when Fujino came in late
and wanted to give a toast
to everybody.
When Tanimura tipped over
and broke a glass.
And even when Nakai
confessed his love to Ayusawa.
I was right here the whole time.
Been a while, Azusagawa.
Did you finally remember me?
I had forgotten.
That's a bit harsh.
[cutlery clinks]
You all saw that, right?
I was inflicted
with puberty syndrome too.
Hold it right there, Akagi.
That's nothing to joke about.
[IKUMI] If you think
it's a magic trick
would someone be willing
to explain how I pulled it off?
The truth is
You can't deny it.
Azusagawa wasn't mistaken
back then
but all of us were.
Would you just drop this
already, Ikumi?
This puberty syndrome nonsense
My parents never let me
hear the end of that mess!
In high school, everyone kept
asking about middle school.
It was as if
I was some criminal!
I was even nervous about
coming here today, you know.
But I was glad I came.
As I chatted with everyone here
I remembered that there were
fun times back then too.
So don't come and ruin
all of that again
with that ridiculous
puberty syndrome
-of all things!
-That's right, Ikumi.
What are you after?
Rina, why'd you come
if you were so nervous?
Uh...
[IKUMI] If you all felt uneasy
"I had a dream about
the school reunion today."
That's what you wrote, Rina.
Here you are
yet you believe
in the Dreaming tag.
You all too.
Back then
"Azusagawa has lost it."
But clearly, we're the ones
that actually lost it.
We made fun of Azusagawa
with our ignorance.
We hurt him.
We labeled him as someone
who had gone insane
and we ruined his life
as he knew it.
Now, after knowing
we were wrong
we keep laughing it off
without any intention
of making amends.
That's insanity.
Sure, it's easy for you
to say that
but it's way too late
for that now.
Just like Rina said
because of that incident
nothing went well
in my life either.
When I got to high school
I had a tough time every day
and it stuck with me.
Then why are you...
Even if that's all true
the only one who has the right
to say it's too late
-is Azusagawa.
-[gasps]
Just kidding!
Hey, that went
really well, huh, Akagi?
Akagi and I
go to the same university.
I heard you guys
were having a reunion
so I had her help me out.
-Wait. No. It's--
-impressive magic trick. Huh?
Akagi's acting
was true to life, too.
This was all a big prank.
I mean, it is too late
for all that stuff
that went down in middle school
and my life wasn't a complete
wash either, you know.
If I'm being honest
I think I ended up
a whole lot happier
than the rest of you guys.
I'm sure you know this by now
but I happen to be going out
with the famous Mai Sakurajima.
I'm just saying
for picking on me.
That was where you're all
supposed to start laughing.
Anyway, that's what
I came to tell you all.
Have a nice life.
See ya.
[door closes]
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
Were you satisfied with that?
[IKUMI] Satisfied?
Everything went perfectly
according to plan, right?
What plan are you talking about?
Your master plan to gather
all our middle school
classmates
and force them
to acknowledge the existence
of puberty syndrome
in front of me.
That's why you planned
the reunion, wasn't it?
Then, you lured me out
using the Dreaming tag
with a massive lie
about you injuring someone.
I guess
the cat's out of the bag.
How long have you been
planning for today's events?
With the sudden onset
of puberty syndrome
I thought that this was
the right thing to do.
After I found you during
the matriculation ceremony
I was shocked.
Azusagawa, you stood there
as if nothing happened.
You were laughing
like you forgot
all about the painful memories
from the past.
And the fact that
I held on to that pain
unable to become something
I felt so bad
I couldn't show my face.
It's clear that
you've already moved on
but I haven't made
any progress whatsoever.
Those thoughts ate me alive
and I just needed
to get away from there.
It didn't matter where.
I just had to.
[man singing]
[soft gasp]
[SAKUTA] You sure got away
to a very far place.
That being said, I thought I was
in a strange dream at first.
I assumed after spending a day
over in that other world
I would be back here
when the next morning came.
But I was still over there
so I had to believe
that everything was real.
[SAKUTA] You never wanted
to come back?
[IKUMI] I did feel uneasy
but after about a month
I started thinking it was okay
for everything to stay that way.
[SAKUTA] So I guess that world
was comfortable for you, huh?
[IKUMI] More than this one.
But in that world
you see
I failed college entrance exams
Oh, and that way
you wouldn't have had
to see me at university.
More than anything
that everything that happened
in middle school
had finally been resolved.
[SAKUTA] I heard I resolved
the bit about my sister
by taking over
the broadcast room.
[IKUMI] That's right.
I thought I'd restart
everything over there.
I thought I could become
the person I wanted to be
in that world.
[SAKUTA] You're saying the same
thing the other Akagi said.
Hey, Azusagawa?
Hmm?
How can I let go
of my hateful self
that wasn't capable
of doing anything?
Well, it's simple.
Really?
You just gotta
eat breakfast every day
go to school
and have lots of trivial chats
with friends.
Go to work, take a bath
brush your teeth
Although, you will
occasionally remember
some of the bad things too.
When you do, you writhe around
in your bed for a bit
and then the next thing
you know
your alarm clock's waking you up
with a headache.
But you eat breakfast
and head to school
to do it all over again.
How long do I need
to keep doing that?
Hell if I know
Yeah. Of course.
I'm so uncool
Good thing
you figured that out today
not tomorrow
the day after, a week later
or even a year from now.
Though I took quite a detour
to get here.
I'm glad it was today.
Yeah, right?
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[IKUMI] You know
when you gloated
about dating Mai.
I heard reunions
are for bragging
about how much better you are.
[IKUMI] But that was
really spiteful.
I'll definitely
be giving Mai my thanks.
She was protecting me
the whole time today, too.
SPECIAL INTERVIEW
MAI SAKURAJIMA
NOVEMBER 28TH
[SAKUTA] You know, Mai?
[MAI] Hmm?
There's something I really need
to apologize to you about.
Did you cheat on me again?
When have I ever cheated on you?
You're quick to make
acquaintances with other girls.
You see
I bragged about
dating Mai Sakurajima.
I don't really mind that.
I mean, it's true, isn't it?
Well, yeah, it is, but--
Or rather, could it be
that you're trying to say
I'm not a girlfriend
you can brag about?
[GIRL] Do you have a moment?
[BOTH] Hmm?
-No, I'm really busy.
-Of course.
[MAI] You must be Akagi.
Please, sit.
Should I give the two of you
some privacy?
No.
This actually
concerns you, Sakurajima.
It concerns me?
Take a look.
A MESSAGE
FROM AZUSAGAWA OVER HERE
TO AZUSAGAWA OVER THERE
Wait, is this--
[IKUMI] Please don't worry.
I can assure you that I'm the me
who was born in this world.
Okay. And what's the message?
FIND TOUKO KIRISHIMA
MAI-SAN IS IN DANGER!
[both gasp]
[MAI] Oh, Azusagawa.
You're such a rascal.
NEXT EPISODE
#8 SECRETS AND PROMISES